docs: update sensor and vehicle model documentation (#454)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/integrating-autoware/creating-vehicle-and-sensor-description/creating-individual-params.md

The tutorial_vehicle's [imu_corrector.param.yaml](https://github.com/leo-drive/tutorial_vehicle_individual_params/blob/main/individual_params/config/tutorial_vehicle/tutorial_vehicle_sensor_kit/imu_corrector.param.yaml) file is given below:

??? note "imu_corrector_param.yaml for tutorial_vehicle_sensor_kit"

    ```yaml
    /**:
      ros__parameters:
        angular_velocity_offset_x: -0.00017
        angular_velocity_offset_y: 0.00206
        angular_velocity_offset_z: -0.00006
        angular_velocity_stddev_xx: 0.05779
        angular_velocity_stddev_yy: 0.05779
        angular_velocity_stddev_zz: 0.05779
    ```

## sensor_kit_calibration.yaml

- How it is created is explained in [Creating sensor kit description page](./creating-sensor-description.md).
  `sensor_kit_calibration.yaml` will be same file which included in sensor_kit_description package. After the calibration
  process, the calibration values will be changed.

## sensors_calibration.yaml

- How it is created is explained in [Creating sensor kit description page](./creating-sensor-description.md).

>   `sensor_kit_calibration.yaml` will be same file which included in sensor_kit_description package. After the calibration
>   process, the calibration values will be changed.

Reviewer: THis is not `sensor_kit_calibration.yaml` There will not be a base_link - lidar calibration process. So we can update it like this:

```suggestion
`sensors_calibration.yaml` will be the same file included in the `sensor_kit_description` package. After obtaining the main sensor frame (sensor_kit_base_link) positions related to the base_link (CAD data can be used for this purpose), these values will be changed.
```
